# Vagrant Nginx ColdFusion11#This is a Vagrant project for creating an Adobe ColdFusion11 development box that uses Nginx running on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS Trust Tahr.  This is a build from scratch environment so that you can see and tweak every step along the way. It starts with a prebuilt bare bones Ubuntu box and is built and configured from there.  ##A Note on Startup Times##The first time you `vagrant up` this will take about 15 minutes to fire up. This is because it has to download an 800mb dependency file from GitHub.  This will only happen the first time. After that dependency file has been downloaded a vagrant up that includes provisioning will take 5 minutes or less.  Once the box is provisioned it should fire up in under a minute. ##Requirements##- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)```vagrant box add ubuntu/trusty64```##Getting Started##**Clone the repository to live within your web root. (eg. /wwwroot/myProjectName)**```git clone https://github.com/howellcc/vagrant-nginx-coldfusion11.git myProjectName```**Vagrant Up (This takes about 15 mins. )**```vagrant up (I bet you didn't see that coming)```##Usage##Make sure you have an index.cfm file in your web root and visit http://localhost/####Distributing for team use####You can use this to distribute an environment for team use with a few small modifications. - Any Custom Tags you place in cfusion/CustomTags/ will get copied to the VM during provisioning.- If you were to configure datasources or any other CF setting, you can copy out the seed.properties and neo-*.xml files from /opt/coldfusion11/cfusion/lib to /vagrant/cfusion/lib/.  Then you can distribute those files along with this project and the next person to provision will be preconfigured with all those settings and datasources. ##Configuration Notes#####ColdFusion###- Configured to use an external JRE so that we can keep it updated. (currently Java8u92)- Flash and Flex integration is disabled. - The Jetty service for SOLR searches and the PDF Generator is installed and working.  ## Additional Tools:Vagrant Manager ( [Windows](https://github.com/lanayotech/vagrant-manager-windows/releases/latest) | [Mac](https://github.com/lanayotech/vagrant-manager/releases/latest) ) This is a system tray utility that allows you to perform the basic Vagrant actions (up, halt, destroy) without using the console. The Mac version seems to work pretty well, the Windows version is a little flaky.## TODO#### CF* Test SOLR#### NGINX* server up non-CF files?#### NiceToHaves* JavaMelody or some other JVM monitoring tool (ie: Free fusion reactor)###Vagrant Plugins###VBGuest plugin - keeps machine guest additions eq with hosts guest additionsvagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguestWinNFSd - Not doing this ATM. - plugin to allow NFS mounted filesystems on windows. Only necessary if we go down the NFS mount route.vagrant plugin install vagrant-winnfsd